Airgap Support VM custom SSL Certs (#2846)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/enterprise-version/system-management/ssl-certificate-management.md

keywords: ["self-hosted", "enterprise"]
---

Palette uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to secure internal and external communication with Hypertext

> Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS). External Palette endpoints, such as the

Reviewer: I have a feeling that HTTP/HTTPS are stable acronyms at this point, and we might not want to explicitly clarify them here 🤔

[system console](../system-management/system-management.md#system-console),

> [Palette dashboard](../../getting-started/dashboard.md), the Palette API, and the gRPC endpoint, are enabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Palette dashboard](../../getting-started/dashboard.md), Palette API, and gRPC endpoints, are enabled by default
```

> with HTTPS using an auto-generated self-signed certificate. You can replace the self-signed certificate with your SSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with HTTPS using an auto-generated self-signed certificate. You can replace the self-signed certificate with a custom SSL
```

certificate to secure these endpoints.

:::info

> You can swap out the external endpoint certificate at any time without affecting the system's functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can swap out the external endpoint certificate at any time without affecting the system functionality.
```
